Umbraco Commerce Docs Updates (#5881)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-commerce/reference/shipping/realtime-rate-shipping.md

---
description: Realtime Rate Shipping in Umbraco Commerce.
---

# Realtime Rate Shipping

Realtime rate shipping in Umbraco Commerce allows you to define realtime, up to the minute shipping estimates directly from shipping operators. 

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Realtime Rate Shipping

To configure Realtime Rate Shipping, follow these steps:
```

* Go to `Settings > Commerce > Stores > {Your Store} > Shipping Methods`

![Shipping Methods](../../media/shipping_methods.png)

* Click `Create Shipping Method`
* Choose the shipping provider for thie shipping operator you wish to use

![Choose Shipping Provider](../../media/create_shipping_method.png)

* Chose the `Realtime` calculation mode option

![Choose Shipping Calculation Mode](../../media/create_shipping_method2.png)

> * Populate the shipping method name, alias, sku and optional image and tax rate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Enter the **Shipping Method Name**, **Alias**, **SKU**.
9. Select the tax class from the **Tax Class** dropdown list.
10. _[Optional]_ Upload an image.
```

> * Enter any shipping provider API credentials required to connect to the shipping operators API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Enter the shipping provider's API credentials required to connect to the shipping operator's API.
```

![Shipping Method Details](../../media/realtime_shipping_details.png)

> * Configure the countries in this shipping method should be allowed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Select the countries this shipping method should be allowed in.
13. Click **Save**.
```
